

	TASK ROCKET CHANGELOG

v1.8.2 (8th May 2015)
	Moved dashboard message to more prominent position.
	Typo correction.
	Minor bug fixes.
	Minor presentation tweaks.


v1.8.1 (15th April 2015)
	Dedicated page for projects/tasks report.
	Added option to show report link in the main nav to all project contributors.
	Tasks can be sorted by due date.
	Minor presentation tweaks.
	Minor bug fixes.


v1.8 (28th March 2015)
	Option to show comment threads in right pane.
	Added Chrome extension support.
	Added option to disable email notifications.
	Administrators can now delete/create projects from front-end when setting is disabled.
	Administrators can now reassign tasks from front-end when setting is disabled.
	Administrators see full project nav on front-end regardless of setting.
	Task Name field is in focus when clicking 'New Task' button.
	New Task page in admin shows attachments and improved presentation.
	Improved comment thread presentation.
	Comments, task info and attachments now stay visible when editing a task.
	Fixed client page bug for certain server environments.
    Fixed z-index issue for date picker on new task dialogue.
	Swapped out deprecated function.
	Misc bug fixes.
	Presentation updates.


v1.7.1 (2nd February 2015)
	Improved mobile UI on project pages.


v1.7 (24th January 2015)
	Added option to only show the currents users projects in the main nav.
	Added option to swap between new enhanced dashboard overview and original overview.
	Added project mini chart into the main nav (visible everywhere except dashboard).
	Added option to show/hide the mini chart.
	Added new metric so users can see how much task load they carry across all projects.
	Fixed bug where project name would still be immediately visible in nav after being deleted.
	Fixed bug that would mess with the pages nav icon presentation on fresh install.
	Fixed bug where users could still reassign tasks (from new task page) when admin option forbids it.
	Improved dashboard information for when there are no tasks or projects.
	Increased character allowance on project and task names to 100.
	Improved project data UI.
	Added character count to project description.
	Added validation to the search field.
	Updated admin dashboard widget UI.
	Removed 'subscriber' role (this role is not used in Task Rocket).
	UI tweaks.


v1.6.7 (15th January 2015)
	Fixed main nav presentation issue that affects very long project names.


v1.6.6 (15th January 2015)
	Fixed small presentation issue on custom nav when not using drop-down option.


v1.6.5 (14th January 2015)
	Added option to allow administrators to edit any task from front-end.
	Added option to allow administrators to mark any task as complete from front-end.
	Updated the main navigation presentation.
	Extended cookie expiration to 10 years.
	Small update to user account page (gravatar information).
	Presentation update on project pages with all tasks completed.


v1.6.4 (7th January 2015)
	Fixed issue where the sort menu could go berzerker on mobile.


v1.6.3 (4th January 2015)
	Fixed botched Thickbox presentation issue.


v1.6.2 (16th December 2014)
	Basic task sorting (sort by tasks with comments, date added, date modified, task owner, random, task title, ascending or descending).
	Retired admin option 'Show older tasks first'.
	Suppressed ugly error when latest update info on dashboard is unreachable.


v1.6.1 (16th December 2014)
	Fixed issue where clients were being counted towards number of user licenses.


v1.6 (12th December 2014)
	Attachments viewed as thumbnails.
	Move tasks into a different project from front-end.
	Recent tasks can be marked complete from dashboard.
	Project progress items on dashboard now link to respective project.
	New role for clients, and dedicated clients overview dashboard.
	Completed projects no longer show up on dashboard (to save screen real-estate).
	Fixed jQuery conflict bug with Gravity Forms.
	Suppressed error messages on missing media attachments.
	Replaced deprecated wp_get_theme function.
	Retired the original default theme.
	Option to show link to users page in the main nav.
	Removed option to display user list on the main dashboard.
	Users list moved to a dedicated page.
	Removed front-end support link.
	Attach files to tasks in back-end.
	Responsive overhaul.
	Presentation tweaks.


v1.5.3 (24th August 2014)
	Fixed issue where new task dialogue was partially hidden on screens with low vertical real estate.
	Fixed issue where 'New Task' was being added into the custom nav list by default.


v1.5.2 (18th July 2014)
	Fixed front-end issue where new task was being assigned to current user instead of assignee.
	Fixed issue where selection input on new task page was not selecting current user by default.

v1.5.1 (3rd July 2014)
	Add and assign tasks from the front-end.
	See who owned a task before (if) it was reassigned.
	Improved admin dashboard widget.
	Improved back-end options page presentation.
	Admin dashboard widget now advises when there is a new version of Task Rocket available.
	Option to have email notifications sent as plain text.
	Option for administrator to display dashboard message.
	Option to include your own custom style sheet.
	Gravatar setting is now honoured everywhere on the front-end.
	Maintenance button in admin to fix update issues.
	Subtle presentation improvements.

v1.5 (29th May 2014)
	Fixed issue where form actions would open new tab in Firefox.
	Fixed issue where default priority class was not being added to tasks when no priority is chosen.
	Added a project progress line chart to dashboard.
	Completely redesigned UI (Monolith).
	Option to show/hide list of all users on the dashboard.
	Option to show/hide tips on dashboard.
	Option to show/hide the project progress line chart on the dashboard.
	Option to show tasks in order of oldest to newest.
	Added date-picker to tasks in admin.
	Added web-app-capable views for Android and IOS.
	Replaced deprecated functions.
	Minor presentation tweaks.


v1.4.1 (23rd Feb 2014)
	Administrators can create custom pages.
	Admin option to enable/disable comments on custom pages (settings).
	Admin option to change custom pages nav to dropdown (settings).
	Minor UI improvements.


v1.4 (8th Feb 2014)
	Comments can be made on tasks.
	Option to enable/disable commenting (settings).
	Emphasis on tasks owned by an administrator.
	Add/change administrator display title (settings).
	Fixed issue where user could accidentally undo another users completed task.
	Presentation tweaks.


v1.3 (17th Jan 2014)
	Upload (attach) files to individual tasks from front-end.
	Delete files from front end.
	Admin option for allowing files to be attached to tasks.
	Admin option to toggle opening files in new tab by default.
	Admin option for displaying the task ID.
	Organised admin options page.
	Under the hood bug fixes.
	Some small UI tweaks and fixes.
	Minor text edits.


V1.2 (4th Jan 2014)
	Minor error corrections.
	Typo fixes.


V1.1 (26th Dec 2013)
	Fixed XML bug.


V1.0 (24th Dec 2013)
	Initial release.
